System Analysis-Solution 

1.Computerised system has more benefits than the manual system.

 The advantages of a computerized system include faster and more efficient record-keeping, 
 access to real-time financial data,automated invoicing and cost savings.
 No need to keep duplicate records (copies)by providing backup resources.Reduces files and their storing Space.
 Elimination of monotonous or exhaustive manual labor.allows faster access to data
 

2.data integration technology helps to integrate data from dispersed sources into one place
  so that duplicate data can be avoided across multiple systems. 
  For this problem, the Institute need to undertake Replacement Integrated System (RIS) 
  in order to solve the problems related to information system as well as improving the business 
  performance of the Institute.
  student information and Programme Director's decision recorded in the database will be extracted 
  to proceed with the enrolment when the student arrives so they can avoid providing the information 
  twice. In addition, the college could use the software as an embedded system to develop an online 
  enrolment process on its website to save time and minimize the events of data issues
 
3.the college need to undertake Replacement Integrated System (RIS) in order to solve the problems 
  related to information system as well as improving the business performance of the college.

4.Data Storage for Analysis: Relational Databases, Big Data, and Other Options

 A Database Management Software or DBM software is used for storing, manipulating, 
 and managing data, such as format, names of fields, and record and file structures 
 in a database environment.
 Some of the most used database software include MySQL, Microsoft SQL Server, Microsoft 
 Access DBMS, Oracle, IBM DB2, and FoxPro. These database management solutions features 
 data independence, as the storage mechanism and formats can be changed without altering 
 the entire application within the database.
 the features of DBMS include creating, adding, editing, and removing information from a database.













